25 April 2021

TestNG:
-------
1. is an unit testing tool for JAVA

2.  has all the inbuilt components required for testing.

3. Using TestNG, we can able to perform unit by unit level of testing.
Here unit is nothing but a single test case
Ex: Login Unit, Registration Unit, Forgot Password Unit

In Login Unit -  we have all the login test cases in this unit.

4. Able to perform verification and validation for each and every unit. (each and every test case)

5. Using TestNG,we can able to generate a presentable report.

6. Using TestNG, we can able to run a single test case or a suite of test cases.
which means a complete set of test cases

Ex: A suite - Login, Registration Forgot Password

7. Parameterization concept can achieved through TestNG.
Parameterization is nothing but achieving multiple iterations for a single test case.
i.e different sets of username and password can be used for a single Login test case.

8. We can use TestNG as framework controlling entity
i.e all the framework used in Selenium can be controlled through TestNG.
Framework has the following components
1. Test case and Test data (eg: stored in excel)
2. Test Script
3. Logs
4. Reports

Test case and test data calls the following test scripts during execution after which logs are prepared for each test case executed and correspondingly reports are generated.
All the above actions constitue a framework, which inturn is controlled by TestNG.

9. In TestNG, there is no main method. All the methods are controlled through Anotations
Anotations - starts with '@' symbol.


10. In TestNG, there is no static methods. All the methods are non static.

11. All the test cases are defined through '@Test' annotation.
and run as TestNG Test. 
As TestNG has no main method, the program is run through Junit Test and there is also a log file and report generated in the console after execution.

Why TestNG is popular?
It is an advanced testing template of JUnit.
TestNG has more components/features when compared to JUnit.
It has also more annotations when compared to JUnit.
TestNG Annotations are more readable when compared to JUnit.
Reports look very presentable in TestNG when compared to JUnit.
Codes are very simple in TestNG when compared to JUnit.

How to add TestNG in eclipse:
TestNG is not configured in eclipse by default as Junit. It is a plugin and should be configured manually in the eclipse.

Help --> Eclipse Market place --> TestNG

Help --> google --> testNG download --> copy the url --> install new s/w --> copy the url and click on download.

Verify TestNG in eclipse:
Windows --> Show View --> Other --> JAVA --> TestNG



